Hahahahaha, where are you a monster?
Forestry jail is stupid
4 Dahao clan listens to your arrangement
Who do you think you are?
Even if it is the two major cities of Magic City and Imperial City
Only super families have this strength, right?
Forestry, I know that Lao Yu has wronged you for three years
Then why do you have to treat yourself like this?
I wasn't one to brag before.
Brag thank you
Have I ever lied to you?
But what you said is so outrageous
Don't talk like that in the future
I'm doing it for your own good too
This card has 600,000
It's compensation for you.
We don't owe each other in the future
Who is so loud
Where did Haotu come from? Listen to him
Han Shao, why are you here?
That's naturally for soul casting
Received the appreciation of the four great slaves
It's not a waste of my years
The Qin family keeps saying good things for you
It turned out that Mr. Han was lying for me
I said, why did the Qin family suddenly notice our husband?
What about the company?
Do not wear dripping water
However, answering the question also requires one's own strength
Since you have obtained the hands of the Qin family
Prove that you are worthy of being tested
After all, the money of the Qin family is not spent in large quantities
Please eat is nonsense
Forestry, do you think I believe you or Xie Han Shao?
You still don't understand that it's you who should go
Thank you, I don't care if you are afraid that I will delay your career.
But if I leave you because of him
you
Why humiliate yourself
Take it away
He gives it to you too
We are clear
I didn't expect them to send you to eat
So many years of frustration
We are so discouraged
Call you dad
Sorry Mr. Han
Abrupt today
I just want to
End this fruitless marriage as soon as possible
I'm glad I could help you.
Let's end it together when we are free tonight.
Sorry I still have a lot to do recently
You also know that I will be at the banquet in three days
Okay, next time, I'll go first